packages/embeds/embed-core/README.md, before:

# embed-core

This is the vanilla JS core script that embeds Cal Link.

## How to use embed on any webpage no matter what framework

See <https://developer.cal.com/embed/install-with-javascript>

You can also see various example usages [here](https://github.com/calcom/cal.com/blob/main/packages/embeds/embed-core/index.html)

## Development

Run the following command and then you can test the embed in the automatically opened page `http://localhost:3100`

```bash
yarn dev
```

## Running Tests

Ensure that App is running on port 3000 already and then run following command:

```bash
yarn test-playwright
```

## Shipping to Production

```bash
yarn build
```

Make `dist/embed.umd.js` servable on URL <http://cal.com/embed.js>

## DX

- Hot reload doesn't work with CSS files in the way we use vite.

## Known Bugs and Upcoming Improvements

- Unsupported Browsers and versions. Documenting them and gracefully handling that.
- Need to create a booking Shell so that common changes for embed can be applied there.

- Accessibility and UI/UX Issues

  - let user choose the loader for ModalBox
  - If website owner links the booking page directly for an event, should the user be able to go to events-listing page using back button ?
  - Let user specify both dark and light theme colors. Right now the colors specified are for light theme.
  - Transparent support is not properly done for team links
  - Maybe don't set border radius in inline mode or give option to configure border radius.

- Branding

  - Powered by Cal.com and 'Try it for free'. Should they be shown only for FREE account.
  - Branding at the bottom has been removed for UI improvements, need to see where to add it.

- API

  - Allow loader color customization using UI command itself too. Right now it's possible using CSS only.

- Automation Tests

  - Run automation tests in CI
  - Automation Tests are using snapshots of Booking Page which has current month which requires us to regenerate snapshots every month.

- Bundling Related

  - Comments in CSS aren't stripped off

- Debuggability

  - Send log messages from iframe to parent so that all logs can exist in a single queue forming a timeline.
    - user should be able to use "on" instruction to understand what's going on in the system
  - Error Tracking for embed.js
    - Know where exactly it’s failing if it does.

- Color Scheme

  - Need to reduce the number of colors on booking page, so that UI configuration is simpler

- Dev Experience/Ease of Installation

  - Do we need a one liner(like `window.dataLayer.push`) to inform SDK of something even if snippet is not yet on the page but would be there e.g. through GTM it would come late on the page ?

- Option to disable redirect banner and let parent handle redirect.

- Release Issues

  - Compatibility Issue - When embed-iframe.js is updated in such a way that it is not compatible with embed.js, doing a release might break the embed for some time. e.g. iframeReady event let's say get's changed to something else
    - Best Case scenario - App and Website goes live at the same time. A website using embed loads the same updated and thus compatible versions of embed.js and embed-iframe.js
    - Worst case scenario - App goes live first, website PR isn't merged yet and thus a website using the embed would load updated version of embed-iframe but outdated version of embed.js possibly breaking the embed.
    - Ideal Solution: It would be to keep the libraries versioned and embed.js should instruct app within iframe to load a particular version. But if we push a security fix, it is possible that someone is still enforcing embed to load version with security issue. Need to handle this.
    - Quick Solution: Serve embed.js also from app, so that they go live together and there is only a slight chance of compatibility issues on going live. Note, that they can still occur as 2 different requests are sent at different times to fetch the libraries and deployments can go live in between,

- UI Config Features

  - How would the user add on hover styles just using style attribute ?

- If just iframe refreshes due to some reason, embed script can't replay the applied instructions.

- React Component
  - `onClick` support with automatic preloading
- Shadow DOM is currently in open state, which probably means that any styling change on website can possibly impact loader.

## Pending Documentation

- READMEs
  - How to make a new element configurable using UI instruction ?
  - Why do we NOT want to provide completely flexible CSS customization by adding whatever CSS user wants. ?
  - Feature Documentation
    - Inline mode doesn't cause any scroll in iframe by default. It more looks like it is part of the website.
- docs.cal.com

  - A complete document on how to use embed

- app.cal.com
  - Get Embed code for each event-type

Commit message:

Embedded Routing Forms - Part1 (#3530)
* Support dark theme in routing form

* Fix Embed detection

* Add routing form embed example

* Better rendering support in dark mode for react-select

* Fix more theme issues

* Added test for Routing Form Embed

Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/embeds/embed-core/README.md, after:

# embed-core

This is the vanilla JS core script that embeds Cal Link.

## How to use embed on any webpage no matter what framework

See <https://developer.cal.com/embed/install-with-javascript>

You can also see various example usages [here](https://github.com/calcom/cal.com/blob/main/packages/embeds/embed-core/index.html)

## Development

Run the following command and then you can test the embed in the automatically opened page `http://localhost:3100`

```bash
yarn dev
```

## Running Tests

Ensure that App is running on port 3000 already and then run following command:

```bash
yarn test-playwright
```

## Shipping to Production

```bash
yarn build
```

Make `dist/embed.umd.js` servable on URL <http://cal.com/embed.js>

## DX

- Hot reload doesn't work with CSS files in the way we use vite.

## Steps to make a page compatiable with Embed

- Define `main` class on the element that has the entire content of the page with no auto margins
  - Adding `main` class allows iframe height to adjust according to it, making sure that the content within `main` is visible without scroll as long as device dimensions permits it.
  - It also becomes the area beyond which if user clicks, modal-box would close.

## Known Bugs and Upcoming Improvements

- Unsupported Browsers and versions. Documenting them and gracefully handling that.
- Need to create a booking Shell so that common changes for embed can be applied there.

- Accessibility and UI/UX Issues

  - let user choose the loader for ModalBox
  - If website owner links the booking page directly for an event, should the user be able to go to events-listing page using back button ?
  - Let user specify both dark and light theme colors. Right now the colors specified are for light theme.
  - Transparent support is not properly done for team links
  - Maybe don't set border radius in inline mode or give option to configure border radius.

- Branding

  - Powered by Cal.com and 'Try it for free'. Should they be shown only for FREE account.
  - Branding at the bottom has been removed for UI improvements, need to see where to add it.

- API

  - Allow loader color customization using UI command itself too. Right now it's possible using CSS only.

- Automation Tests

  - Run automation tests in CI
  - Automation Tests are using snapshots of Booking Page which has current month which requires us to regenerate snapshots every month.

- Bundling Related

  - Comments in CSS aren't stripped off

- Debuggability

  - Send log messages from iframe to parent so that all logs can exist in a single queue forming a timeline.
    - user should be able to use "on" instruction to understand what's going on in the system
  - Error Tracking for embed.js
    - Know where exactly it’s failing if it does.

- Color Scheme

  - Need to reduce the number of colors on booking page, so that UI configuration is simpler

- Dev Experience/Ease of Installation

  - Do we need a one liner(like `window.dataLayer.push`) to inform SDK of something even if snippet is not yet on the page but would be there e.g. through GTM it would come late on the page ?

- Option to disable redirect banner and let parent handle redirect.

- Release Issues

  - Compatibility Issue - When embed-iframe.js is updated in such a way that it is not compatible with embed.js, doing a release might break the embed for some time. e.g. iframeReady event let's say get's changed to something else
    - Best Case scenario - App and Website goes live at the same time. A website using embed loads the same updated and thus compatible versions of embed.js and embed-iframe.js
    - Worst case scenario - App goes live first, website PR isn't merged yet and thus a website using the embed would load updated version of embed-iframe but outdated version of embed.js possibly breaking the embed.
    - Ideal Solution: It would be to keep the libraries versioned and embed.js should instruct app within iframe to load a particular version. But if we push a security fix, it is possible that someone is still enforcing embed to load version with security issue. Need to handle this.
    - Quick Solution: Serve embed.js also from app, so that they go live together and there is only a slight chance of compatibility issues on going live. Note, that they can still occur as 2 different requests are sent at different times to fetch the libraries and deployments can go live in between,

- UI Config Features

  - How would the user add on hover styles just using style attribute ?

- If just iframe refreshes due to some reason, embed script can't replay the applied instructions.

- React Component
  - `onClick` support with automatic preloading
- Shadow DOM is currently in open state, which probably means that any styling change on website can possibly impact loader.

## Pending Documentation

- READMEs
  - How to make a new element configurable using UI instruction ?
  - Why do we NOT want to provide completely flexible CSS customization by adding whatever CSS user wants. ?
  - Feature Documentation
    - Inline mode doesn't cause any scroll in iframe by default. It more looks like it is part of the website.
- docs.cal.com

  - A complete document on how to use embed

- app.cal.com
  - Get Embed code for each event-type
