packages/app-store/zapier/README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://cal.com/enterprise">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8019099/133430653-24422d2a-3c8d-4052-9ad6-0580597151ee.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>
</div>

# Setting up Zapier Integration

If you run it on localhost, check out the [additional information](https://github.com/CarinaWolli/cal.com/edit/feat/zapier-app/packages/app-store/zapier/README.md#localhost) below.

1. Create [Zapier Account](https://zapier.com/sign-up?next=https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.zapier.com%2F)
2. If not redirected to developer account, go to: [Zapier Developer Account](https://developer.zapier.com)
3. Click **Start a Zapier Integration**
4. Create Integration
    - Name: Cal.com
    - Description: Cal.com is a scheduling infrastructure for absolutely everyone.
    - Intended Audience: Private
    - Role: choose whatever is appropriate
    - Category: Calendar

## Authentication

1. Go to Authentication, choose Api key and click save
2. Click Add Fields
    - Key: apiKey
    - Check the box ‘is this field required?’
3. Configure a Test
    - Test: GET ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/listBookings
    - URL Params
        - apiKey: {{bundle.authData.apiKey}}
4. Test your authentication —> First you have to install Zapier in the Cal.com App Store and generate an API key, use this API key to test your authentication (only zapier Api key works)
  
## Triggers

Booking created, Booking rescheduled, Booking cancelled
  
### Booking created

1. Settings
    - Key: booking_created
    - Name: Booking created
    - Noun: Booking
    - Description: Triggers when a new booking is created
2. API Configuration (apiKey is set automatically, leave it like it is):
    - Trigger Type: REST Hook
    - Subscribe: POST ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/addSubscription
        - Request Body
            - subscriberUrl: {{bundle.targetUrl}}
            - triggerEvent: BOOKING_CREATED
    - Unsubscribe: DELETE ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/deleteSubscription
        - URL Params (in addition to apiKey)
            - id: {{bundle.subscribeData.id}}
    - PerformList: GET ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/listBookings
3. Test your API request

Create the other two triggers (booking rescheduled, booking cancelled) exactly like this one, just use the appropriate naming (e.g. booking_rescheduled instead of booking_created)
  
### Testing integration

Use the sharing link under Manage → Sharing to create your first Cal.com trigger in Zapier

## Localhost

Localhost urls can not be used as the base URL for api endpoints

Possible solution: using [https://ngrok.com/](https://ngrok.com/)

1. Create Account
2. [Download](https://ngrok.com/download) gnork and start a tunnel to your running localhost
    - Use forwarding url as your baseUrl for the URL endpoints

Commit message:

add invite link to Zapier setup page (#2696)
* add invite link and toaster to zapier setup page

* create env variable for invite link and save in database

* fetch invite link form getStaticProps

* add getStaticPath method

* clean code

* Moves app setup and index page

* Moves Loader to ui

* Trying new way to handle dynamic app store pages

* Cleanup

* Update tailwind.config.js

* zapier invite link fixes

* Tests fixes

Co-authored-by: CarinaWolli <wollencarina@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: zomars <zomars@me.com>

packages/app-store/zapier/README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://cal.com/enterprise">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8019099/133430653-24422d2a-3c8d-4052-9ad6-0580597151ee.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>
</div>

# Setting up Zapier Integration

If you run it on localhost, check out the [additional information](https://github.com/CarinaWolli/cal.com/edit/feat/zapier-app/packages/app-store/zapier/README.md#localhost) below.

1. Create [Zapier Account](https://zapier.com/sign-up?next=https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.zapier.com%2F)
2. If not redirected to developer account, go to: [Zapier Developer Account](https://developer.zapier.com)
3. Click **Start a Zapier Integration**
4. Create Integration
    - Name: Cal.com
    - Description: Cal.com is a scheduling infrastructure for absolutely everyone.
    - Intended Audience: Private
    - Role: choose whatever is appropriate
    - Category: Calendar

## Authentication

1. Go to Authentication, choose Api key and click save
2. Click Add Fields
    - Key: apiKey
    - Check the box ‘is this field required?’
3. Configure a Test
    - Test: GET ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/listBookings
    - URL Params
        - apiKey: {{bundle.authData.apiKey}}
4. Test your authentication —> First you have to install Zapier in the Cal.com App Store and generate an API key, use this API key to test your authentication (only zapier Api key works)
  
## Triggers

Booking created, Booking rescheduled, Booking cancelled
  
### Booking created

1. Settings
    - Key: booking_created
    - Name: Booking created
    - Noun: Booking
    - Description: Triggers when a new booking is created
2. API Configuration (apiKey is set automatically, leave it like it is):
    - Trigger Type: REST Hook
    - Subscribe: POST ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/addSubscription
        - Request Body
            - subscriberUrl: {{bundle.targetUrl}}
            - triggerEvent: BOOKING_CREATED
    - Unsubscribe: DELETE ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/deleteSubscription
        - URL Params (in addition to apiKey)
            - id: {{bundle.subscribeData.id}}
    - PerformList: GET ```<baseUrl>```/api/integrations/zapier/listBookings
3. Test your API request

Create the other two triggers (booking rescheduled, booking cancelled) exactly like this one, just use the appropriate naming (e.g. booking_rescheduled instead of booking_created)
  
### Set ZAPIER_INVITE_LINK

The invite link can be found under under Manage → Sharing.

## Localhost

Localhost urls can not be used as the base URL for api endpoints

Possible solution: using [https://ngrok.com/](https://ngrok.com/)

1. Create Account
2. [Download](https://ngrok.com/download) gnork and start a tunnel to your running localhost
    - Use forwarding url as your baseUrl for the URL endpoints
